.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-logging 5 "November 3, 2016" "version 10.3" "PKI Common Logging Configuration" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-logging \- PKI Common Logging Configuration

.SH LOCATION
/usr/share/pki/etc/logging.properties, /etc/pki/logging.properties

.SH DESCRIPTION

PKI clients and tools use java.util.logging (JUL) as the logging framework
(see https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/logging/package-summary.html).

The default logging configuration is located at /usr/share/pki/etc/logging.properties.

By default only log messages with level WARNING or higher will be logged on the console.

.IP
.nf
java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler.level = ALL
java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler.formatter = java.util.logging.SimpleFormatter
java.util.logging.SimpleFormatter.format = %4$s: %5$s%6$s%n

\[char46]level = WARNING
\[char46]handlers = java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler
.fi
.PP

For more information see the following documents:

.nf
- https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/logging/ConsoleHandler.html
- https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/logging/Level.html
- https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/logging/SimpleFormatter.html
- https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/Formatter.html
.fi

.SH CUSTOMIZATION

To customize the logging configuration, copy the default logging configuration into a new location:

$ cp /usr/share/pki/etc/logging.properties /etc/pki/logging.properties

Then edit the file as needed.
For example, to troubleshoot issues with PKI library add the following lines:

.IP
.nf
netscape.level = ALL
com.netscape.level = ALL
org.dogtagpki.level = ALL
.fi
.PP

To troubleshoot issues with RESTEasy add the following line:

.IP
.nf
org.jboss.resteasy.level = ALL
.fi
.PP

Then specify the location of the custom logging configuration in the following parameter in /etc/pki/pki.conf:

.IP
.nf
LOGGING_CONFIG=/etc/pki/logging.properties
.fi
.PP

Then restart the application.

.SH AUTHORS
Dogtag Team <pki-devel@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2016 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pki-server-logging(5)
