.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server-nuxwdog 8 "July 15, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI Nuxwdog Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server-nuxwdog \- Command-Line Interface for enabling CS instances to start using \fBnuxwdog\fR.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog-enable\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog-disable\fR
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
When a Certificate System (CS) instance starts, it reads a plain text configuration
file (\fB /etc/pki/<instance_name>/password.conf\fR) to obtain passwords needed to
initialize the server.  This could include passwords needed to access server keys
in hardware or software cryptographic modules, or passwords to establish database
connections.
.PP
While this file is protected by file and SELinux permissions, it is even more secure
to remove this file entirely, and have the server prompt for these passwords on
startup.  This means of course that it will not be possible to start the CS
instance unattended, including on server reboots.
.PP
\fBnuxwdog\fR is a daemon that will launch the CS instance and prompt the administrator
for the relevant passwords.  These passwords will be cached securely in the kernel
keyring.  If the CS instance crashes unexpectedly, \fBnuxwdog\fR will attempt to restart
the instance using the cached passwords.
.PP
CS instances need to be reconfigured to use \fBnuxwdog\fR to start.  Not only are changes
required in instance configuration files, but instances need to use a different
systemd unit file to start.  See details in the \fBOperations\fR section.

\fBpki-server nuxwdog\fR commands provide a mechanism to reconfigure instances
to either start or not start with \fBnuxwdog\fR.
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available \fBnuxwdog\fR commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog-enable\fR
.RS 4
This command is to reconfigure ALL local CS instances to start using \fBnuxwdog\fP.
To reconfigure a particular CS instance only, use \fBpki-server instance-nuxwdog-enable\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] nuxwdog-disable\fR
.RS 4
This command is to reconfigure ALL local CS instances to start without using
\fBnuxwdog\fP.  To reconfigure a particular CS instance only, use
\fBpki-server instance-nuxwdog-disable\fR.  Once this operation is complete,
instances will need to read a  \fBpassword.conf\fR file in order to start up.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki-server\fR(8).

.SH OPERATIONS
Configuring a CS instance to start using \fBnuxwdog\fR requires changes to instance
configuration files such as \fBserver.xml\fP.  These changes are performed by
\fBpki-server\fR.
.PP
Once a subsystem has been converted to using \fBnuxwdog\fR, the \fBpassword.conf\fR
file is no longer needed.  It can be removed from the filesystem.  Be sure, of course,
to note all passwords contained therein - some of which may be randomly generated
during the install.
.PP
An instance that is started by \fBnuxwdog\fR is started by a different systemd unit
file (\fBpki-tomcatd-nuxwdog\fR).  Therefore, to start/stop/restart an instance using
the following:
.PP
\fBsystemctl start/stop/restart pki-tomcatd-nuxwdog@<instance_id>.service\fR
.PP
If the CS instance is converted back to not using \fBnuxwdog\fP to start, then the
usual systemd unit scripts can be invoked:
.PP
\fBsystemctl start/stop/restart pki-tomcatd@<instance_id>.service\fR
.PP

All \fBpki-server\fP commands must be executed as the system administrator.

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
