.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server-upgrade 8 "Jul 22, 2013" "version 1.0" "PKI Server Upgrade Tool" Endi S. Dewata
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server-upgrade \- Tool for upgrading Certificate System server configuration.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpki-server-upgrade\fR [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
There are two parts to upgrading Certificate System: upgrading the system configuration
files used by both the client and the server processes and upgrading the server
configuration files.

When upgrading Certificate System, the existing server configuration files (e.g.
\fBserver.xml\fP, \fBweb.xml\fP) may need to be upgraded because the content may have
changed from one version to another. The configuration upgrade is executed automatically
during RPM upgrade. However, in case there is a problem, the process can also be
run manually using \fBpki-server-upgrade\fP.

The server upgrade process is done incrementally using upgrade scriptlets. A server consists
of the server instance itself and the subsystems running in that instance. The upgrade process
executes one scriptlet at a time, running through each component (server instance and subsystem) in
parallel and completing before executing the next scriptlet. If one component encounters an error,
that component is skipped in the subsequent upgrade scriptlets. The upgrade process and scriptlet
execution for each component is monitored in upgrade trackers. A counter shows the latest index
number for the most recently executed scriptlet; when all scriptlets have run, the component tracker
shows the updated version number.

The scriptlets are stored in the upgrade directory:
.RS
/usr/share/pki/server/upgrade/<version>/<index>-<name>
.RE
The \fBversion\fP is the server version to be upgraded. The \fBindex\fP
is the script execution order. The \fBname\fP is the scriptlet name.

During upgrade, the scriptlets will back up all changes to the file system into the
following folder:
.RS
/var/log/pki/server/upgrade/<version>/<index>
.RE
The \fBversion\fP and \fBindex\fP values indicate the scriptlet being executed. A copy of the
files and folders that are being modified or removed will be stored in \fBoldfiles\fP. The names
of the newly-added files and folders will be stored in \fBnewfiles\fP.

The instance upgrade process is tracked using this file:
.RS
/var/lib/pki/<instance>/conf/tomcat.conf
.RE
The subsystem upgrade process is tracked using this file:
.RS
/var/lib/pki/<instance>/<subsystem>/conf/CS.cfg
.RE
The file stores the current configuration version and the last successful
scriptlet index.

.SH OPTIONS

.SS General options

.TP
.B --silent
Upgrade in silent mode.
.TP
.B --status
Show upgrade status only \fBwithout\fP performing the upgrade.
.TP
.B --revert
Revert the last version.
.TP
.B -i, --instance <instance>
Upgrade a specific instance only.
.TP
.B -s, --subsystem <subsystem>
Upgrade a specific subsystem in an instance only.
.TP
.B -t, --instance-type <type>
Upgrade a specific instance type, by the major version number of the Dogtag instance. For example, use 9 for Dogtag 9 instances and 10 for Dogtag 10.
.TP
.B -X
Show advanced options.
.TP
.B -v, --verbose
Run in verbose mode.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show this help message.

.SS Advanced options
The advanced options circumvent the normal component tracking process by changing the
scriptlet order or changing the tracker information.

\fBWARNING:\fP These options may render the system unusable.

.TP
.B --scriptlet-version <version>
Run scriptlets for a specific version only.
.TP
.B --scriptlet-index <index>
Run a specific scriptlet only.
.TP
.B --remove-tracker
Remove the tracker.
.TP
.B --reset-tracker
Reset the tracker to match the package version.
.TP
.B --set-tracker <version>
Set the tracker to a specific version.

.SH OPERATIONS

.SS Interactive mode

By default, \fBpki-server-upgrade\fP will run interactively to upgrade all
server instances and subsystems on the machine. It will ask for a confirmation
before
executing each scriptlet.

.B % pki-server-upgrade

If there is an error, it will stop and show the error.

.SS Silent mode

The upgrade process can also be done silently without user interaction:

.B % pki-server-upgrade --silent

If there is an error, the upgrade process will stop for that particular
instance/subsystem. Other instances/subsystems will continue to be upgraded.

.SS Checking upgrade status

It is possible to check the status of a running upgrade process.

.B % pki-server-upgrade --status

.SS Troubleshooting

Check the scriptlet to see which operations are being executed. Once the
error is identified and corrected, the upgrade can be resumed by re-running
\fBpki-server-upgrade\fP.

If necessary, the upgrade can be run in verbose mode:

.B % pki-server-upgrade --verbose

It is possible to rerun a failed script by itself, specifying the
instance and subsystem, version, and scriptlet index:

.B % pki-server-upgrade --instance pki-tomcat --subsystem ca --scriptlet-version 10.0.1 --scriptlet-index 1

.SS Reverting an upgrade

If necessary, the upgrade can be reverted:

.B % pki-server-upgrade --revert

Files and folders that were created by the scriptlet will be removed. Files
and folders that were modified or removed by the scriptlet will be restored.

.SH FILES
.I /usr/sbin/pki-server-upgrade

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>, Ella Deon Lackey <dlackey@redhat.com>, and Endi Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>.
\fBpki-server-upgrade\fP was written by the Dogtag project.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
