.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server-cert 8 "Aug 1, 2017" "version 10.4" "PKI Cert Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server-cert \- Command-Line Interface for managing System Certificates.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-find\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-update <cert ID>\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-create <cert ID>\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-import <cert ID>\fR
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-server cert\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage
system certificates.
.PP
\fBpki-server cert\fR commands perform system certificate related operations on a specific
CS instance.  All \fBpki-server cert\fR commands require specification
of the cert ID to identify the target certificate.
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available cert commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-find\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list all system certificates.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-update <cert ID>\fR
.RS 4
This command is to update the system certificate data and CSR in the corresponding
subsystem's CS.cfg.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-create <cert ID>\fR
.RS 4
This command is to create a system certificate.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] cert-import <cert ID>\fR
.RS 4
This command is to imports certificate into NSS database and updates the corresponding
subsystem's CS.cfg.
.RE
.PP
To view each command's usage, type \fB pki-server cert-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All pki-server commands must be executed as the system administrator.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The other CLI options are described in \fBpki-server\fR(8).

.SH OFFLINE SYSTEM CERTIFICATE RENEWAL
\fBpki-server cert\fR command is used as a part of offline system certificate renewal process.
.PP
\fBAssumptions:\fR
.PP
.RS 4
1. Valid CA signing cert
.PP
2. Valid admin cert
.PP
3. PKI server is currently down
.RE
.PP
\fBSteps for offline system certificate renewal:\fR
.PP
.RS 4
A. Run these commands to \fIverify our assumptions\fP:
.PP
.RS 4
1. List details of all system certificates
.RS 4
\fBpki-server cert-find\fR
.RE
.PP
2. Check details of admin cert
.RS 4
.nf
\fBcertutil -L \\
-d <client NSS DB dir> \\
-n <admin cert nickname>\fR
.fi
.RE
.PP
3. Check status of PKI server
.RS 4
\fBsystemctl status pki-tomcatd@pki-tomcat\fR
.RE
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fR Get the \fIsslserver\fP cert serial number from step #1 above to create permanent
cert later. The admin needs to make a list of certs from step #1 that needs to be renewed.
.PP
B. To bring up a PKI server that has \fIexpired SSL certificate\fP:
.PP
.RS 4
1. Create temp SSL certificate
.RS 4
\fBpki-server cert-create sslserver --temp\fR
.RE
.PP
2. Import the temp SSL certificate into NSS database and update corresponding subsystem's CS.cfg
.RS 4
\fBpki-server cert-import sslserver\fR
.RE
.PP
3. Start PKI server using the new temp SSL cert created
.RS 4
\fBsystemctl restart pki-tomcatd@pki-tomcat
.RE
.PP
.RE

C. To \fIrenew system certificates\fP:
.PP
.RS 4
1. The admin will need to create system certs, reported in step #A1 above,
that are almost expired or already expired.
.RS 4
.nf
\fBpki-server cert-create <cert ID> --renew \\
-d <client NSS DB dir> \\
-c <NSS DB password> \\
-n <admin nickname>\fR
.fi
.RE
.PP
For SSL server certificate:
.RS 4
.nf
\fBpki-server cert-create sslserver --renew \\
--serial <old serial> \\
-d <client NSS DB dir> \\
-c <NSS DB password> \\
-n <admin nickname>\fR
.fi
.RE
.PP
2. Stop the server to prevent NSS database corruption while importing:
.RS 4
\fBsystemctl stop pki-tomcatd@pki-tomcat\fR
.RE
.PP
3. Import the renewed system certificate into NSS database and update corresponding
subsystem's CS.cfg
.RS 4
\fBpki-server cert-import <cert ID>\fR
.RE
.PP
4. Start the server with renewed permanent system certificates
.RS 4
\fBsystemctl start pki-tomcatd@pki-tomcat\fP
.RE
.RE
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
Dinesh Prasanth M K <dmoluguw@redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2017 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
