.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server-migrate 8 "July 15, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI Migration Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server migrate \- Command-Line Interface to run migration scripts on CS instances.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki-server [CLI options] migrate --tomcat \fR[7|8]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Apache Tomcat instances are configured differently in Tomcat 7 and 8.  \fBpki-server migrate\fR
makes the necessary changes in the instance configuration files and symbolic links
so that the instance will work with the target Tomcat version.
.PP
This command will migrate all instances to the target Apache Tomcat version.  To
migrate a specific instance only, use \fBpki-server instance-migrate\FR.
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki-server\fR(8).

.SH OPERATIONS

All \fBpki-server\fP commands must be executed as the system administrator.

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
