.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server 8 "July 15, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI Administrative Command-Line Interface (CLI)" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server \- Command-Line Interface for performing administrative tasks on Certificate System subsystems.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpki-server\fR [CLI options] <command> [command arguments]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-server\fR command provides a command-line interface allowing administrators
to perform various administrative operations on the Certificate System instances.
These services include starting/stopping instances, enabling/disabling subsystems,
performing certain migrations and enabling/disabling startup using \fBnuxwdog\fR.
.PP
Operations are performed using file system utilities, and can only be performed
by an administrative user on the local host.  This utility does not connect to any
of the subsystem's WEB or REST interfaces.

.SH CLI OPTIONS
.B --help
Prints additional help information.
.TP
.B -d
Displays debug information.
.TP
.B -v
Displays verbose information.

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available commands and options, simply type \fBpki-server\fP.
.PP
Some commands have sub-commands.  To view the sub-commands, type \fBpki-server <command>\fP.
To view each command's usage, type \fB pki-server <command> \-\-help\fP.

.SH FILES
.I /usr/sbin/pki-server

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBpki-server-instance\fR(1)
.RS 4
Certificate Server instance management commands
.RE

.PP
\fBpki-server-subsystem\fR(1)
.RS 4
Certificate Server subsystem management commands
.RE

.PP
\fBpki-server-migrate\fR(1)
.RS 4
Certificate server migration script management commands
.RE

.PP
\fBpki-server-nuxwdog\fR(1)
.RS 4
Commands to enable/disable startup using \fBnuxwdog\fP.
.RE

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
