.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-server-subsystem 8 "July 15, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI Subsystem Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-server-subsystem \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System subsystems.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem\fR
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-find\fR -i <instance ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-show\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-enable\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-disable\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-find\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-show\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-export\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-update\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-server subsystem\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage
Certificate Server (CS) subsystems.  A Certificate Server instance consists of a single
Apache Tomcat instance that contains one or more CS subsystems.  Valid subsystem
identifiers are '\fBca\fR', '\fBkra\fR', '\fBtks\fR', '\fBocsp\fR' and '\fBtps\fR'.
No instance may have more than one of each type of subsystem.
.PP
\fBpki-server subsystem\fR commands perform operations on a specific subsystem within
a CS instance.  Consequently, all \fBpki-server subsystem\fR commands require specification
of the instance ID to completely identify the target subsystem.
.PP
Operations that are available include: listing subsystems in an instance;
showing details about a subsystem; and enabling and disabling subsystems.
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available subsystem commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-find\fR -i <instance ID>
.RS 4
This command is to list subsystems within a specific instance.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-show\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
.RS 4
This command is to view the details about a particular subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-enable\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
.RS 4
This command is to enable a particular subsystem.  Each subsystem consists of
a web application within the Apache Tomcat instance.  Enabling a subsystem means
deploying the web application so that the application initializes and is
accessible via the HTTP and HTTPS ports for the Apache Tomcat instance.
.PP
\fBNote:\fR Each subsystem runs a set of self-tests on startup.  If these self-tests
fail, the subsystem will be disabled by undeploying the web application.  The
deployment status (enabled/disabled) of the subsystem can be determined from the
output of \fBpki-server subsystem-show\fR.  Once the underlying problem is fixed,
the subsystem should be re-enabled using \fBpki-server subsystem-enable\fR.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-disable\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
.RS 4
This command is to disable a subsystem by undeploying the web application
corresponding to the subsystem.  The subsystem will no longer be accessible
through the web interfaces.  This is useful when specific subsystems need to be
made inaccessible for maintenance as Apache Tomcat allows web applications to be
deployed/undeployed while the instance is still running (hot deployment).
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-find\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID>
.RS 4
This command is to list system certificates in a particular subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-show\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
.RS 4
This command is to view the details about a system certificate in a particular subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-export\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
.RS 4
This command is to export a system certificate in a particular subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki-server [CLI options] subsystem-cert-update\fR -i <instance ID> <subsystem ID> <cert ID>
.RS 4
This command is to update a system certificate in a particular subsystem.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki-server\fR(8).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available subsystem management commands, type \fBpki-server subsystem\fP.
To view each command's usage, type \fB pki-server subsystem-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All pki-server commands must be executed as the system administrator.

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
