.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH BtoA 1 "July 20, 2016" "version 10.3" "PKI Binary to ASCII Conversion Tool" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
BtoA  \- Convert binary base-64 encoded data to ASCII base-64 encoded data.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBBtoA <input_file> <output_file>\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBBtoA\fP command provides a command-line utility used to convert binary base-64 encoded data to ASCII base-64 encoded data.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
The following parameters are mandatory:
.TP
.B <input_file>
Specifies the path to the file which contains the base-64 encoded binary data.

.TP
.B <output_file>
Specifies the path to the file where the utility should write the ASCII output.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
This example command takes the base-64 binary data in the \fBbinary_data.der\fP file and writes the ASCII equivalent of the data to the \fBascii_data.pem\fP file:
.IP
.nf
BtoA binary_data.der ascii_data.pem
.if

.SH AUTHORS
Matthew Harmsen <mharmsen@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2016 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public
License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR AtoB(1), pki(1)
