.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH CMCResponse 1 "March 14, 2018" "version 10.5" "PKI CMC Response Parsing Tool" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
CMCResponse \- Used to parse CMC responses returned from CMC issuance or revocation requests.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBCMCResponse [OPTIONS]\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The Certificate Management over Cryptographic Message Syntax (CMC) Response parsing utility, \fBCMCResponse\fP, provides a command-line utility used to parse and present CMC responses from CMC issuance or revocation requests.
.PP
It takes the CMC response returned from the CA as input, parses, and shows the content of the response along with CMC status in a human-readable format. In addition, it can optionally output the response in PKCS#7 PEM format for further processing by other tools.

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
The following are supported options.
.PP
.TP
.B -d <path>
Path of directory to the NSS database. This option is required.

.TP
.B -i <path>
Name of file (could include path) for the CMC issuance or revocation response. This option is required.

.TP
.B -o <path>
Name of file (could include path) to store the certificate chain in PKCS#7 PEM. This is optional.

.TP
.B -v
If specified, will run in verbose mode, which would entail all certs in the chain being displayed individually in Base64 encoding format. It is false by default.

.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
CMCResponse -d . -i cmc.role_p10-ec3.resp -o cmc.role_p10-ec3.resp.PEM

.SH AUTHORS
Christina Fu <cfu@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2018 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public
License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR CMCRequest(1)
