.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-client 1 "May 5, 2014" "version 10.2" "PKI Client Security Database Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-client \- Command-Line Interface for managing the security database on Certificate System client.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-init\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-request\fR [subject DN] [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-import\fR [nickname] [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-mod\fR <nickname> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-show\fR <nickname> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-del\fR <nickname> [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-client\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage the security database on the client's machine.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available client commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-init\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to create a new security database for the client.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list certificates in the client security database.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-request\fR [subject DN] [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to generate and submit a certificate request.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-import\fR [nickname] [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to import a certificate into the client security database.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-mod\fR <nickname> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to modify a certificate in the client security database.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-show\fR <nickname> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view a certificate in the client security database.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBclient-cert-del\fR <nickname> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a certificate from the client security database.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available client commands, type \fBpki client\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki client-<command> \-\-help\fP.

To create a new database execute the following command:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-init

To list certificates in the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-find

To request a certificate:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-request [subject DN]

The subject DN requirement depends on the certificate profile being requested.
Some profiles may require the user to provide a subject DN in a certain
format. Some other profiles may generate their own subject DN.

Certain profiles may also require additional authentication. To authenticate,
a username and a password can be specified using the --username and --password
options, respectively. If the subject DN is not specififed the CLI may use the
username to generate a default subject DN "UID=<username>".

To import a certificate from a file into the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-import <nickname> --cert <path>

To import a CA certificate from a file into the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-import <nickname> --ca-cert <path>

To import certificates and private keys from a PKCS #12 file into the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-import --pkcs12 <path> --pkcs12-password <password>

To import a certificate from CA server into the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-import <nickname> --serial <serial number>

To import a CA certificate from CA server into the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-import <nickname> --ca-server

To modify a certificate's trust attributes in the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-mod <nickname> --trust <trust attributes>

To display a certificate in the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-show <nickname>

To export a certificate from the security database into a PEM file:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-show <nickname> --cert <path>

To export a certificate chain with the private key from the security database into a PKCS #12 file:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-show <nickname> --pkcs12 <path> --pkcs12-password <password>

To export a certificate chain with the private key with a password file:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-show <nickname> --pkcs12 <path> --pkcs12-password-file <path>

To export a client certificate with the private key from the security database into a PEM file:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-show <nickname> --client-cert <path>

To delete a certificate from the security database:

.B pki -d <security database location> -c <security database password> client-cert-del <nickname>

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>, Endi Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>, and Matthew Harmsen <mharmsen@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
