.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-group-member 1 "Jun 3, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI Group Member Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-group-member \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System group members.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-find\fR <group ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-show\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-add\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-del\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-group-member\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage group members on the specified subsystem.
.PP
Valid subsystems are \fBca\fR, \fBkra\fR, \fBocsp\fR, \fBtks\fR, and \fBtps\fR.
If the \fB<subsystem>-\fR prefix is omitted, it will default to \fBca\fR.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available group member commands for the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-find\fR <group ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list group members in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-show\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view a group member details in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-add\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to add a member to a group in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-del\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a member from a group in the subsystem.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available group commands, type \fBpki <subsystem>-group-member\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki <subsystem>-group-member-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All group commands must be executed as the subsystem administrator.

For example, to list members of a CA group execute the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-group-member-find testgroup

The results can be paged by specifying the (0-based) index of the first entry to return and the maximum number of entries returned:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-group-member-find --start 20 --size 10

The above command will return entries #20 to #29.

To view a member of a CA group, specify the group ID and the member ID in the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-group-member-show testgroup testuser

To add a member to a CA group, specify the group ID and the member ID in the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-group-member-add testgroup testuser

To delete a member from a CA group, specify the group ID and the member ID in the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-group-member-del testgroup testuser

.SH AUTHORS
Endi S. Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
