.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-group 1 "May 5, 2014" "version 10.2" "PKI Group Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-group \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System groups.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-show\fR <group ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-add\fR <group ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-mod\fR <group ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-del\fR <group ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-add\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-del\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-group\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage groups on the specified subsystem.
.PP
Valid subsystems are \fBca\fR, \fBkra\fR, \fBocsp\fR, \fBtks\fR, and \fBtps\fR.
If the \fB<subsystem>-\fR prefix is omitted, it will default to \fBca\fR.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available group commands for the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list groups in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-show\fR <group ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view a group details in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-add\fR <group ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to add a group into the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-mod\fR <group ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to modify a group in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-del\fR <group ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a group from the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-add\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to add a member to a group.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-group-member-del\fR <group ID> <member ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a member from a group.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available group commands, type \fBpki <subsystem>-group\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki <subsystem>-group-<command> --help\fP.

All group commands must be executed as the subsystem administrator.

To list groups in CA, use \fBpki ca-group-find\fP.  It is possible to select the page size to limit the number of entries returned.  To list all groups:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-find

To view a particular group:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-show <group ID>

To add a group:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-add <group ID> --description "description"

To delete a group:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-del <group ID>

To add a user to a group:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-member-add <group ID> <member ID>

To delete a user from a group:

.B pki <admin authentication> ca-group-member-del <group ID> <member ID>

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>, Endi Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>, and Matthew Harmsen <mharmsen@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
