.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-securitydomain 1 "May 5, 2014" "version 10.2" "PKI Security Domain Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-securitydomain \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System security domain.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain-get-install-token\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain-show\fR [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-securitydomain\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage the security domain.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available security domain commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain-get-install-token\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to get an installation token.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBsecuritydomain-show\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to show the contents of the security domain.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available security domain commands, type \fBpki securitydomain\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki securitydomain-<command> --help\fP.

To get an installation token (used when installing a new subsystem within a security domain):

\fBpki <security domain admin authentication> securitydomain-get-install-token --hostname <hostname> --subsystem <subsystem>\fP

To show the contents of the security domain:

\fBpki <security domain admin authentication> securitydomain-show\fP

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>, Endi Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>, and Matthew Harmsen <mharmsen@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
