.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-pkcs12-cert 1 "Oct 28, 2016" "version 10.3" "PKI PKCS #12 Certificate Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-pkcs12-cert \- Command-Line Interface for managing individual certificates in PKCS #12 file.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-export <nickname>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-add <nickanme>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-mod <nickname>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-del <nickname>\fR [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki pkcs12-cert\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage certificates in a PKCS #12 file.

.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list certificates in a PKCS #12 file.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-export <nickname>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to export a certificate from a PKCS #12 file.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-add <nickname>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to add a certificate into a PKCS #12 file.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-mod <nickname>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to modify a certificate in a PKCS #12 file.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBpkcs12-cert-del <nickname>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a certificate from a PKCS #12 file.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS

To view available profile commands, type \fBpki pkcs12-cert\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki pkcs12-cert-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All \fBpkcs12-cert\fP commands require a PKCS #12 file and its password.
The PKCS #12 file can be specified with the \fB--pkcs12-file\fP parameter.
The password can be specified either directly with the \fB--pkcs12-password\fP parameter, or in a file with the \fB--pkcs12-password-file\fP parameter.

Some \fBpki pkcs12-cert\fP commands require an NSS database and its password.
The NSS database location can be specified with the \fB-d\fP parameter (default: ~/.dogtag/nssdb).
The NSS database password can be specified with the \fB-c\fP or the \fB-C\fP parameter.

.SS Viewing certificates in a PKCS #12 file

To list the certificates in a PKCS #12 file:

.B pki pkcs12-cert-find <PKCS #12 file> <PKCS #12 password>

.SS Exporting a certificate from a PKCS #12 file

To export a certificate from a PKCS #12 file into a file in PEM format:

.B pki pkcs12-cert-export <nickname> <PKCS #12 file> <PKCS #12 password> <cert file>

The certificate file can be specified with the \fB--cert-file\fP parameter.

.SS Adding a certificate from an NSS database into a PKCS #12 file

To add a certificate including its key and trust flags from an NSS database into a PKCS #12 file:

.B pki <NSS database location> <NSS database password> pkcs12-cert-add <nickname> <PKCS #12 file> <PKCS #12 password>

If the PKCS #12 file does not exist, it will be created automatically.
If the PKCS #12 file already exists, the certificate will be added into the file.

The trust flags can be overwritten with the \fB--trust-flags\fP parameter.
If the key is not needed, specify the \fB--no-key\fP parameter.

.SS Modifying a certificate in a PKCS #12 file

To modify the trust flags of a certificate in a PKCS #12 file:

.B pki pkcs12-cert-mod <nickname> <PKCS #12 file> <PKCS #12 password> <trust flags>

The trust flags can be specified with the \fB--trust-flags\fP parameter.

.SS Deleting a certificate from a PKCS #12 file

To delete a certificate and its key from a PKCS #12 file:

.B pki pkcs12-cert-del <nickname> <PKCS #12 file> <PKCS #12 password>

.SH AUTHORS
Endi S. Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2016 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pki-pkcs12(1)
