.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-tps-profile 1 "Jul 14, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI TPS Profile Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-tps-profile \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System TPS profiles.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-show <profile ID>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-add --input <file path>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-mod <profile ID>\ --action <action>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-mod <profile ID>\ --input <file path>\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-del <profile ID>\fR [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki tps-profile\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage profiles on the TPS.

.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list the profiles.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-show <profile ID>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view the details of a profile.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-add --input <file path>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to create a new profile.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-mod <profile ID>\ --action <action>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to change the status of a profile.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-mod <profile ID>\ --input <file path>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to modify an existing profile.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fBtps-profile-del <profile ID>\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a profile.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS

To view available profile commands, type \fBpki tps-profile\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki tps-profile-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All the tps-profile commands require TPS admin or agent authentication.

.SS Listing profiles

To list all profile:

.B pki <TPS admin/agent authentication> tps-profile-find

The results can be paged using the \fB--start\fR and \fB--size\fR options described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SS Viewing a profile

To view the status and properties of a profile:

.B pki <TPS admin/agent authentication> tps-profile-show <profile ID>

To store the output of the above operation into a file:

.B pki <TPS admin/agent authentication> tps-profile-show <profile ID> --output <file path>

.SS Adding a profile

To add a new profile, prepare an input file specifying the
profile properties in the following format:

.IP
.nf
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
<Profile id="..." xmlns:ns2="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
    <Properties>
        <Property name="...">...</Property>
        ...
    </Properties>
</Profile>
.fi

.PP
The profile properties are described in \fBpki-tps-profile\fR(5).
Then execute the following command:

.B pki <TPS admin authentication> tps-profile-add --input <file path>

.SS Changing profile status

To change the profile status execute the following command:

.B pki <TPS admin/agent authentication> tps-profile-mod <profile ID> --action <action>

Available actions for admins: submit, cancel.
Available actions for agents: approve, reject.
Available actions for users with both admin and agent rights: enable, disable.

.SS Modifying a profile

To modify a profile, first disable the profile using the \fBtps-profile-mod
--action disable\fP command. Then download the current profile properties
using the \fBtps-profile-show --output\fP command. Make the modifications in
the file, then upload the updated file using the following command:

.B pki <TPS admin authentication> tps-profile-mod <profile ID> --input <file path>

Finally, the profile should be re-enabled using the \fBtps-profile-mod
--action enable\fP command.

.SS Deleting a profile

To delete a profile, first disable the profile using the \fBtps-profile-mod
--action disable\fP command, then execute:

.B pki <TPS admin authentication> tps-profile-del <profile ID>

.SH AUTHORS
Endi S. Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pki(1),
.BR pki-tps-profile(5)
