.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-user-cert 1 "Jun 3, 2015" "version 10.2" "PKI User Certificate Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-user-cert \- Command-Line Interface for managing Certificate System user certificates.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-find\fR <user ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-show\fR <user ID> <cert ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-add\fR <user ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-del\fR <user ID> <cert ID> [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-user-cert\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage user certificates on the specified subsystem.
.PP
Valid subsystems are \fBca\fR, \fBkra\fR, \fBocsp\fR, \fBtks\fR, and \fBtps\fR. If the \fB<subsystem>-\fR prefix is omitted, it will default to \fBca\fR.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available user certificate commands for the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-find\fR <user ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list certificates owned by the subsystem user.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-show\fR <user ID> <cert ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view the details of a certificate owned to the subsystem user.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-add\fR <user ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to add a certificate to the subsystem user.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-user-cert-del\fR <user ID> <cert ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to delete a certificate from the subsystem user.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available user certificate commands, type \fBpki <subsystem>-user-cert\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki <subsystem>-user-cert-<command> \-\-help\fP.

All user certificate commands must be executed as the subsystem administrator.

For example, to list certificates owned by a CA user execute the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-cert-find testuser

The results can be paged by specifying the (0-based) index of the first entry to return and the maximum number of entries returned:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-cert-find testuser --start 20 --size 10

The above command will return entries #20 to #29.

To view a certificate owned by a CA user, specify the user ID and the certificate ID in the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-show testuser \*(lq2;11;CN=CA Signing Certificate,O=EXAMPLE;UID=testuser\*(rq

To add a certificate to a CA user from a file, specify the user ID and the input file:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-add testuser --input testuser.crt

To add a certificate to a CA user from the certificate repository, specify the user ID and the serial number:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-add testuser --serial 0x80

To delete a certificate from a CA user, specify the user ID and the certificate ID in the following command:

.B pki <CA admin authentication> ca-user-del testuser \*(lq2;11;CN=CA Signing Certificate,O=EXAMPLE;UID=testuser\*(rq

.SH AUTHORS
Endi S. Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
