.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH pki-cert 1 "May 5, 2014" "version 10.2" "PKI Certificate Management Commands" Dogtag Team
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the man page.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for man page specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pki-cert \- Command-Line Interface for managing certificates on the Certificate System server.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert\fR
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-show\fR <certificate ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-revoke\fR <certificate ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-hold\fR <certificate ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-release-hold\fR <certificate ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-profile-find\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-profile-show\fR <profile ID> [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-submit\fR [command options]
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-review\fR <request ID> [command options]
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The \fBpki-cert\fR commands provide command-line interfaces to manage certificates on the specified subsystem.
.PP
Valid subsystems are \fBca\fR and \fBtps\fR. If the <subsystem>- prefix is omitted, it will default to \fBca\fR.
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert\fR
.RS 4
This command is to list available certificate commands for the subsystem.
Different subsystems may have different certificate commands.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list certificates in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-show\fR <certificate ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view a certificate details in the subsystem.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-revoke\fR <certificate ID>
.RS 4
This command is to revoke a certificate.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-hold\fR <certificate ID>
.RS 4
This command is to place a certificate on hold temporarily.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-release-hold\fR <certificate ID>
.RS 4
This command is to release a certificate that has been placed on hold.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-profile-find\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to list available certificate request templates.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-profile-show\fR <profile ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to view a certificate request template.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-submit\fR [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to submit a certificate request.
.RE
.PP
\fBpki\fR [CLI options] \fB<subsystem>-cert-request-review\fR <request ID> [command options]
.RS 4
This command is to review a certificate request.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
The CLI options are described in \fBpki\fR(1).

.SH OPERATIONS
To view available certificate commands, type \fBpki <subsystem>-cert\fP. To view each command's usage, type \fB pki <subsystem>-cert-<command> --help\fP.

.SS Viewing Certificates
Certificates can be viewed anonymously.

To list all certificates in the CA:

.B pki ca-cert-find

It is also possible to search for and list specific certificates by adding a search filter.  Use \fBpki ca-cert-find \-\-help\fP to see options.  For example, to search based on issuance date:

.B pki ca-cert-find --issuedOnFrom 2012-06-15

To list certificates with search constraints defined in a file:

.B pki ca-cert-find --input <filename>

where the file is in the following format:

.IP
.nf
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="yes"?>
<CertSearchRequest>

    <serialNumberRangeInUse>true</serialNumberRangeInUse>
    <serialFrom></serialFrom>
    <serialTo></serialTo>

    <subjectInUse>false</subjectInUse>
    <eMail></eMail>
    <commonName></commonName>
    <userID></userID>
    <orgUnit></orgUnit>
    <org></org>
    <locality></locality>
    <state></state>
    <country></country>

    <matchExactly>false</matchExactly>

    <status></status>

    <revokedByInUse>false</revokedByInUse>
    <revokedBy></revokedBy>

    <revokedOnFrom>false</revokedOnFrom>
    <revokedOnTo></revokedOnTo>

    <revocationReasonInUse>false</revocationReasonInUse>
    <revocationReason></revocationReason>

    <issuedByInUse>false</issuedByInUse>
    <issuedBy></issuedBy>

    <issuedOnInUse>false</issuedOnInUse>
    <issuedOnFrom></issuedOnFrom>
    <issuedOnTo></issuedOnTo>

    <validNotBeforeInUse>false</validNotBeforeInUse>
    <validNotBeforeFrom></validNotBeforeFrom>
    <validNotBeforeTo></validNotBeforeTo>

    <validNotAfterInUse>false</validNotAfterInUse>
    <validNotAfterFrom></validNotAfterFrom>
    <validNotAfterTo></validNotAfterTo>

    <validityLengthInUse>false</validityLengthInUse>
    <validityOperation></validityOperation>
    <validityCount></validityCount>
    <validityUnit></validityUnit>

    <certTypeInUse>false</certTypeInUse>
    <certTypeSubEmailCA></certTypeSubEmailCA>
    <certTypeSubSSLCA></certTypeSubSSLCA>
    <certTypeSecureEmail></certTypeSecureEmail>

</CertSearchRequest>
.fi

.PP
To view a particular certificate:

.B pki ca-cert-show <certificate ID>

.SS Revoking Certificates
Revoking, holding, or releasing a certificate must be executed as an agent user.
To revoke a certificate:

.B pki <agent authentication> ca-cert-revoke <certificate ID>

To place a certificate on hold temporarily:

.B pki <agent authentication> ca-cert-hold <certificate ID>

To release a certificate that has been placed on hold:

.B pki <agent authentication> ca-cert-release-hold <certificate ID>

.SS Certificate Requests
To request a certificate, first generate a certificate request in PKCS #10 or CRMF, and store this request in the XML template file, of the profile type the request relates to.

The list of profiles can be viewed using the CLI command:

.B pki ca-cert-request-profile-find

The XML template file for a profile type can be created by calling the ca-cert-request-profile-show CLI command. For example:

\fBpki ca-cert-request-profile-show <profileID> \-\-output <file to store the XML template>\fP

will store the XML template of the request in the specified output file.

Then, fill in the values in the XML file and submit the request for review.  This can be done without authentication.

.B pki ca-cert-request-submit <request file>

Then, an agent needs to review the request by running the following command:

.B pki <agent authentication> ca-cert-request-review <request ID> --file <file to store the certificate request>

The \-\-file <filename> and \-\-action <action> options are mutually exclusive (i. e. - only one or the other may be specified during command invocation).

If the \-\-file <filename> option is specified, the certificate request, as well as the defaults and constraints of the enrollment profile, will be retrieved and stored in the output file provided by the \-\-file option.  The agent can examine the file and override any values if necessary.  To process the request, enter the appropriate action when prompted:

.B Action (approve/reject/cancel/update/validate/assign/unassign):

The request in the file will be read in, and the specified action will be applied against it.

Alternatively, when no changes to the request are necessary, the agent can process the request in a single step using the --action <action> option with the following command:

.B pki <agent authentication> ca-cert-request-review <request ID> --action <action>

.SH AUTHORS
Ade Lee <alee@redhat.com>, Endi Dewata <edewata@redhat.com>, and Matthew Harmsen <mharmsen@redhat.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2014 Red Hat, Inc. This is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). A copy of this license is available at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt.
